# Travelogue
This web application is an original concept and design by our team. We used the MEAN stack to build this application. We used Angular for the front-end framework, Node.js for the JavaScript runtime environment, Express for the web application framework, and MongoDB for the database. The purpose of this web application is for the user to store their travel destinations by location (city and country names). They can save the attractions within each destination as they desire, along with their rating and review for each attraction.  

The website will take the user to a login screen where they can log in. The user can navigate to a registration screen if they are a new user. Upon successful login or registration, the user will be taken to the dashboard where a Google map is rendered. If they have saved destinations, the map will render those saved locations with markers. If the user clicks on a marker, the information on the location and any saved attractions will appear below the map. A form will allow the user to save an attraction to this location. To add a new destination, the user must click on its location on the map. A form will appear below the map where the city, state and country names are autopopulated for them. The geographical coordinates of the location are hidden fields on the form. When the user selects to save the location, the location will be saved to the database and the map will refresh to include the marker for this new location.  

We are currently working on adding these features to the application: Deleting a destination, editing and deleting an attraction.
